selanjutnya kita akan membuat paragraf mengenai tahap Evaluation:
1. brier Score
the brier score proposed by Brier is calculated [5]. This score corresponds in many ways to the mean squared error and thus provides the error of the probabilities to the classi cation problem. Eggels, H., Van Elk, R., & Pechenizkiy, M. (2016). Explaining soccer match outcomes with goal scoring opportunities predictive analytics. 3rd Workshop on Machine Learning and Data Mining for Sports Analytics (MLSA 2016). CEUR-WS.org
2. ROC AUC
The area under the receiver operator curve (AUROC)evaluate show well a classifier can differentiate positive examples from negative examples. Intuitively, AUROC answers the following question: ”Given a positive example and a negative example, how likely is it that our classifier will correctly rank the positive example ahead of the negative example”. Note that even random guessing will achieve a AUROC of 50%. This presents a naive baseline any probabilistic classifier should always beat. One crucial aspect of AUROC that often goes ignored is that it is in essence a ranking metric. AUROC only considers the relative ranking of examples and ignores the actual predicted probabilities. This means that a classifier can be poorly calibrated, yet still achieve great AUROC. Decroos, T., & Davis, J. (2019, December). Interpretable prediction of goals in soccer. In Proceedings of the AAAI-20 workshop on artificial intelligence in team sports.

buat teks paragraf nya yang baik dengan format yang semirip mungkin dengan teks berikut:
Setelah proses data mining selesai, selanjutnya kita mengevaluasi model yang telah dibuat. Tahap ini menggunakan k-fold cross validation untuk melihat apakah performa model sudah konsisten dengan beberapa kombinasi data. Kemudian pada tahapan ini juga dibuat confusion matrix untuk mengetahui performa dari model yang meliputi precision, recall, acuration, dan f-1 score. Flowchart untuk melakukan evaluasi model menggunakan confusion matrix ditunjukkan pada Gambar 3.5. 